Instead of a midterm exam, we will have a programming project with multiple parts, worth a total of 100 points.  The instructions are as follows:

CS 161 midterm programs
1: Write a program that uses the input command to have the user enter an integer number.  
   Recast the input string to an integer and a floating point number.  
   Print the number as a string, as an integer, and as a float.  Use the type()
   function and the id() function to print out the type and id of each of the items printed.
2: Write a program that imports the math module.  Prompt the user to enter an integer
   value, the number of degrees in an angular measure.  Use functions from the math 
   module to convert the degrees into radians, and to calculate the cosine of the 
   resulting radians.  Print out the degrees, radians, and the cosine value.
3: Write a program with a user-defined function called 'clamp', which takes as an input
   a single integer.  If the input number is negative, have the function return 
   0 (zero).  If the value is postivie and greater than 255, have the function return
   255.  If the value is between 0 and 255 inclusive, have the function return the number 
   unaltered.  Write a main program section that prompts the user to enter a number,
   recasts it to an integer, and calls the clamp function.  The program should then 
   print out the value returned by the function call.
4: Write a program that creates an empty list, and then has a for loop that asks
   the user to put in 5 names, adding each name to the list as the program goes
   (the names are single words).  When this is done, sort the list alphabetically,
   and print it out.
5: Write a program with a class definition 'Aircraft'.  The constructor should take in
   arguments for tail_number, latitude, longitude, altitude, heading, and speed.  These
   should be stored in a dictionary.  The key is the parameter name (e.g. 'tail_number'),
   and the value will be the argument passed to the constructor (e.g. 'N51123ND').
   Also have a method definition in the class called
   'print_plane', which prints out all of these values for a given instantiation of
   the class.  In the main section of the program, have the user enter the arguments listed
   above, call the constructor, and make three different instantiations of the class,
   called plane1, plane2, and plane3.  Print the contents of these three objects by
   calling the 'print_plane' method from them.

When you are done with the programs, place them all into a tar file, and upload that file to BlackBoard.

MIDTERM UPDATE
If anyone has done the midterm on windows and is having issues making a .tar file, you can also hand it in as a .zip file.
